Till this section we were talk about JDBC the thing is if you talk about software 
industry this will all about 'data'. what ever we done for 'data' So, even if you
are building application so, that you interact with data.
  Updating data         Fetching data          Storing data

Till this point we work with data but in the form of variables
what if you store a no. this can be store in integer.
  If you want to store a point value then it will stored in 'double'.

But what if you closed your application
  the momont u close your application u lost all your data.
                  So, what we want is to store data paramanently somewhere?
  Of course there is one option that you store your data in normal file
  just like u create the '.txt' file to store it.

  But the problem in '.txt' is difficulty to search certain things
  It's difficult to maintain the relation ship between two different things.

  Example:
          If you are storing 'Name' and 'age' of the person and each person have
  there own name and there own age how will you search the particular age of 
  particular person It's very difficult in a '.txt' file.
  SO, we have the way to solve this and Solution name Is:
                   'Relational Database Management System'

  So, basically u can store your data in tabular format and that will be your 
  permanent storage of course there are some in memory database available but 
  let's say most of the DBMS are parmanent storage.

  But u can do is u can store the data in the database but the only problem is
  if you want to use this database u need to use SQL language which is
  'Structured Query Language' so, as a normal user.
If i have to work with data u don't need to learn SQL of course u don't 
expect to client to learn SQL and that's where what u need to do is 
u have the         But between the      Or Db u have the application
          Database                 User
Now this application will build in any language(like java)
SO, the user will interact with the application Now this is the console
based thing so, what ever we done till now is all console based right
And the way user can interact with the console based application
Is with the help of 'CMD' may be if you want to pass the value
, may be if you want  to get the value.
So, that every thing will be happend in the black screen

But what about the correction between             And
                                      Application      Database.
That's where we have to use connectivity and the connectivity will be given
by 'JDBC'.

            JDBC is an API so, JDBC is the part of JAVA Development kit So, 
it gives you an API to connect with Database.
But the problem is in this world we doesn't have limited DBMS we have allot of
Databases Example we have 'ORACLE', 'PostgreSQL', 'MYSQL', 'H2' , 'DB2' but we
are going to use in this course is 'PostGres' Now 'Postgres' is very famous
Of course u can use any DBMS which u like but personally i like postgres by
choice otherwise if client says they already have some kind of DBMS installed
But we are going to use 'Postgres'.

But the problem is u don't think as the technology changes u don't think that
the connectivity code also changes like
i. if we connect java with PostgreSQL what if in future u want to connect this 
with mysql Now the problem is how many lines of code u wanna chnage
That's tricky right.

Here java says ok we have the JDBC API Now we will just give u interfaces
and few classes to work with But the actual implementation will be given
by the DBMS itself
