             -----------------NOTE-------------
Before JDBC version 4 it was compulsory to Register and Load the Driver
But After JDBC 4,0 because it was introduce in java 6 which have not 
necessary to load and register by yourself it will automatically
done when u add the jar file in your project.
So, yes all those steps are optional u focus on
i. Create Connection
ii. Create Statement
iii. Execute Statement
iv. Close Connection
            ----------------X------------------
So, once we have the postgres ready so in last video we talk about
"How do you set up the PostGres SQL?
How do you create a Database?"
Now i hope do u remember the configuration
It's time to connect your java Application with PostgreSql
But thee problem Not a problem but we have to work some steps right
So, the concept we are implementing between           And         Is
                                           Application    Database  JDBC
To achive that first thing we need is '.jar' file as i maintoined before
your DBMS basically provides you a library which is the implementation
of JDBC connectors
So, we have to get the library 'jar' file in java then we have to write 
the java code in that as well
We have to follow certain 'Steps' so, we have to done the 'jar' file later
first we have to done the certain steps
           Steps matter because we have different name for it
1) Once u got here a '.jar' file u have to basically import the 
   Packages
SUMMARY : we know in java there are different packages we have to get that
          Package which is 'Java.sql' we have to import this package it
          's first step.

2) Is basically to 'Load the Driver'.
SUMMARY : U know 'Driver' will coming from the 'jar' file and that's why u
          Need the Jar file. For every implementation we have to load the 
          Driver.

3) we have to 'Register the Driver'.
SUMMARY : 

4) Create Connection.
SUMMARY : Create the Connection Object In JDBC.

5) Create Statement.
SUMMARY : U have to Execute the Statement when u say u have to create and 
          Execute the statement let u have to think what u want to say.
Then u have to say the execute the statement.

6) Execute Statement.
7) Process the Result.
SUMMARY : So, what ever the response u were get from your friend u have to
          Process it that's why it's one more step.
8) Close Connection.
SUMMARY : Which is very important otherwise u will be lacking the memory and
          the connections.
So, this are the 7 steps u have to follow
               ------------NOTE----------------
To Understand this Steps properly let's take some example and then connect
with this two.
SO, let's say u are working from home and few of your colices from office
and now you want some information let's say if you want to know what's 
happening in the office what u will do is u will call your friend/collic
basically. Before calling u were using your phone.
yes we have other option but let's say your phone is with you
if you want to call first of all u need a Phone(That's your Jar file)

Next u have to register that (U have a seem card) which is working.
Also u have the network in your area or the place u are(That's your
Loading and registering the Driver.

Now once u got the network next thing will do is you make a connection
Of course u have to make sure that u have network u able to call prople
(That's make sure your connection).
Now once u have the connection with your phone everything is working
of course u will ring u have to Dial the no. and there will be ring.

Now at this point u have to think what u want to say Once you friend pick
up the call u have some gredding messages(like Goodmorning, GoodAfterNoon
what ever local thing u talk to your friends) then u will shout your 
actual question.

Then from front side your friend will give you some response and u have to 
process the response.
Once u have done with the processing u simply close the connection U have to
cut the call otherwise u have to pay the huge bell.

So, basically u have to follow the steps if the same way u have to done with 
JDBC let's go with the steps.
                -------------------X---------------
