It's time to give justice to 'laptop'.
Because 'alien' has it's own table but what about 'laptop'.
  'laptop' is 'Embeddable' basically 'alien' table itself got
all the Details.
Now it's have it's own issue because 'laptop' is an object
haing it's own Identity So, it gives a big table as an 'Entity'.

Next Issue is what if one person have multiple laptops and one
'alien' has multiple 'laptops' we don't simply add the columns.
This will create inconsistency Because Different 'alien' have different 
amount of laptops(May be one, zero, two, three, ten).

Never now right it's simple to create a seperate Entity laptop that it
will be given to some one else. If u are working in a company and he give u
a 'laptop'.May be after some time they will take your 'laptop' give to some
one else or even they will give u a brand new laptop.
                             (Ok this are some Dreams we were leaving it)

one to have the seperate tables. let's say we got the 'alien' table and 
we got the 'laptop' table.
'alien' table has it's own details 'alien' got 'aid','aname' and 'tech'
Now the laptop on other side have primary key as well. 
here 'laptop' got 'lid','brand','model' and 'ram'.
Then we got 'brand' and 'model' with same 'lid'.

Now we got this two tables so, i want that 'alien' has the laptop
specific one So, how u do that? Or How i Map it?

And that's where the concept of mapping comes into picture. This
is not the concept of 'Hibernate' it's the concept of Database.
(when we connect two tables it's over responsibility to connect them)
That's why we have the concept of primary key and foreign key which
u connect with the table.

That u make them as current table or child table. I just assuming that
u know the concept of DBMS that much Now how u represent it 
so now we want to say that 'Alien' have the laptop called This laptop.

To achieve that we should have some link.So, what u wanna do is u keep
link of the 'laptop' in 'alien' or wise-versa.

Assum that if u want to keep 'alien' table as well as 'laptop' table.
And u want to link 'lid' of 'laptop' with 'laptop_id' of 'alien'.
As a Foreign Key.
Now u know as the 'alien' that which 'laptop' i have and also write the query to fetch Detail of 'alien' and Detail of 'laptop'.That's straight forward.

Now when u have this type of relation it simple mean that one 'alien' has 
one 'laptop' and this is called 'OneToOne' Relationship.
And this is vary easy.

Basically after building this relationship  that's how it look like
                    Alien
    Primary key               Foreign Key
      aid       aname       tech      laptop_lid
      101       Navin       Java          1
      102       Gaurav      AI            2
      103       Sushil      Python        3

                                        laptop
                        Primary key               
                          lid       brand       model          ram
                          101       Asus        rog            16
                          102       Dell        xps            32
                          103       Samsung     galaxy 360     36

case 2: When we are going for one 'alien' has multiple 'laptop' Now this is tricky 
        because in this case we are going for 'OneToMany' Relationship.
For an 'alien' prospective 
OneToMany from 'alien' side And ManyToOne from 'laptop' side.

Now the Question arrise if u want to represent the table how will you do that
It's vary simple Instead of putting 'lid' data in the 'alien'.
U can put 'aid' in the 'laptop' table because 'laptop' will belong to one 'alien'.

We can't put that in the 'alien' table. Just like 'laptop' will have three 
laptops(101, 102 and 103). So, we can't simply says 'alien' details
(101, 102 and 103).
Database will not accept it. But we can do that in the 'laptop' because we creating
one 'alien' column 'aid' in 'laptop'.

And we say ok this laptop belongs to this 'alien'. So, in the laptop
tables you will be having 'aid's' which is the below 
following thing in this case.

                    Alien
    Primary key               
      aid       aname       tech     
      101       Navin       Java          
      102       Gaurav      AI            
      103       Sushil      Python        

                                        laptop
                        Primary key                           Foreign Key
                          lid       brand       model          ram      aid
                          101       Asus        rog            16       101
                          102       Dell        xps            32       101
                          103       Samsung     galaxy 360     36       102
