ORM stands for "OBJECT RELATIONAL MAPPING" next Question is why do we need it.
We allot talk about the 'Java' that its "Object Oriented Language" Every
thing in that is Object 'Right' and when u build the application with java
the first thing come to your mind is object.

This should be an Object u want to build an application let's say if you want
to build an application every entity there when if u want to a preson
or a thing or any operation.

we first thing about object and then we think about 'OK' with this object
what operations i will perform so, every data will have data and methods.

Now if you want to store this data how will u store that we want to build a 
parmanent storage Not in a memory.
  when we talk about paramenent storage whenever u set the data in a file
when i say file so, whether it's a 'CSV' file or any other type of file.

If u want to store the data then u also proecss it so, we want some good type 
  of databases Now ofcourse this can be a relational one or this can be a 
non - relational one which is called the 'No - Sql' Databases like 'MongoDB'.

But let's focus on relational one here If you want to store the data in
relational database we seen it in JDBC that we use Tools like
(oracle, PostgreSQL, Mysql) there are bunch of DBMS available there
If you want to store those data.Then we have to use SQL.

And we also seen that if you want to store data of the object in the database 
we have to write queries ok if i say queries what do we mean by that 
let's say if you want to insert the data of student and then u will pass
the values So, since we pass the value in the variable of the object.

         Student student = new Student(01,"Navin",21);
  try {
    String sql = "INSERT INTO student(rollNo, name, age) VALUES (?,?,?)";
    PreparedStatement pstmt = connection.prepareStatement(sql);
    pstmt.setInt(1, student.getRollNo());
    pstmt.setString(2, student.getName());
    pstmt.setInt(3, student.getAge());
    pstmt.executeUpdate();
  } catch(SQLException e){
    e.printStackTree();
  }
  
we have to manually fatch them put that in those query and then execute
Qureies task right.But there are certain problem with this are:
 1. As the java Developer we think about object. Then as the java Developer
  We have to understand the 'SQL' as well. 
And ofcourse u should know SQL. But Do u have to master it do we have to 
remember all the queries And what about the optimization and what about
the cashing If you want to do that as a developer in SQL or i mean with
JDBC we have to done allot of steps And this is where HIBERNATE comes
into picture.

Or An 'ORM' framework comes into picture by saying 
  "don't u have to worry i am there" So, 
  
                          what ORM Does?
  ORM(Object Relational Mapping) says 
       'OK u got the object if i will give u an option of here's the object
         And put that into Database' say something like this
Hey ORM Saves Below Object.
                 "STUDENT OBJECT
                     rollNo: 01
                     name : Navin
                     marks : 77"
        AND ORM says Done:
U think that will be amazing and that's what ORM framwork does specifically 
'HIBERNATE'.
             BUT THE QUESTION ARRISE HOW THAT WORKS
             ---------------------------------------
So, what your 'hibernate' does is it take your object and understands it.
How u basically understand the object with it's blue Print.
And Blue Print of the object is a class.
Let's say i give u                class.
                  class  Student {
                     int rollNo;
                     String name;
                     int age;
                  }
Very simple one which has 3 variables let's say 'Roll No', "Name", "Age" and with this variable when u create the new object of Student.
Let's say we got few students here and we got his data. When i ask u as the viewer
i want this table to show this data.
So, at first i want that what's the table name it would be
          Ok this is my first Question next. let's say if u decide to go with the
table u have given some name?
Second Question is how many Columns u need?
3rd Question is Let's say if u decide the no. of columns So, 
     "What should the name of the columns".
4th Even if u decide tha name of the columns then what should be the type of it?
5th Let's say if you create a table how should we insert and represent the data
in a row?
                 And that's why we have to done this Mapping

Now look at this class the class name is 'Student' So, u don't think that your
TABLE name is 'Student'. For columns we have 3 fields in the class.
Can we create three columns here But what about the 'Names' same name Is just 
simple that in Java we use camel caseing.
Here we will using yes same type what is the type in java we have to try to mach
it with the table let's say 
         int             Int
         String          Text
That's how we can match it and what about the data then Every object have different 
data then each object will becomes one 'ROW and that's how your ORM works
And to implement this we use a tool And "HIBERNATE" is that tool.

Ok Everything looks magical here how we can implement that let's see in the next video
