So, Now we have the data in database. The next thing we gonna do is
'fatch the data'. Now if you go back to your code.
U can see what we are doing in 'Main.java' file is we were adding 
the data in the student and we are trying to save it.

We don't want to save it we want to fatch it and to do that 
what we do is first of all i want to create an object of 'Student'.

           Student s2 = new Student();
But we want to keep it                  "Student s2 = null"
at this point And instead of printing 's1' we print 's2'.
And we just commit the 'session.persist()' part.
                        -----------------  If u see it printing 'null'.

Because we are just assinging the 'null' in 's2' and we are printing 'null' 
In between this two Operations we want to fatch the value.

So, before we moving on first we have to know that is there any requirment 
of 'Transaction'.
here talking about                                                 operation
                Transaction transaction = session.beginTransaction();

Now in this scenario since there is no other dependency we can remove the 
transaction because when u were fatching data u don't need 'Transaction'
object To begin the transaction.
It's only when u were doing some manipulation in database So, i got the 
'SessionFactory' object we got the 'Session' object and we are closing it here

In between we can fatch the value Now how do u fatch it SO, let's try to see at
the 'session' and let's see what methods we have
So, 
    Save and Presist: for saving.
And u can see the one particular mathod which is 'byId' this will have the
return type 'IdentifierLoadAccess' I simply want an object 
So, i just go down and see the method which will give u the object itself


So, yes we now got this 'get' method which will take String and Object as a
parameter and return the object.
This make sense right SO, in this method we pass to this are as follows:

But first we try only one So, what can i do is i want to fetch the data
but the question arrise How will u fatch the data Of course u have to
specify the primary key.
Let's check how will u fatch on with some other values Not just the 
primary key which is your primary column but we have to fetch some other
column.

Just like u want to fetch by name Or with the help of 'sAge' So, in 'get'
method we want to pass the 'Primary Key' so, i write '102' which is the 
'rollNo' of 'Kiran'. 
It says 'Cannot resolve the methos 'get(int)' ' because we have to also 
pass Another Parameter.
       i. Is the Primary Key: we are doing that.
     ii. But also the type of that u are going to retrive/return
     Of course we write get.
Of course right when u 'get' return something we will specify the type of 
it and the type is 'Student.class' So, this are the two things we have to 
maintoin.
1 is the type and second 1 is the primary key
And this two return u the data of student. So, we write 's2' equalTo this
Command given below:

           s2 = session.get(Student.class, 102);

So, now we got the data as s2 and we print it here and i hope this will work 
and this will satisfying the Query let we See what is the Query:

      Select
           s1_0.rollNo,
           s1_0.sAge,
           s1_0.sName
      From
          Student s1_0
      Where
          s1_0.rollNo=?

       ------------------NOTE-----------------------
If u have to check that Data is in the Object or Not u can use the method
called                         s2.getName();
       -----------------X---------------------------
But let we see that i write 'session.' in suggestion we got so many 
mathod in which we have to chose i method is 'load' what if the 
'load' does the same thing as 'get' will done We will try out
we will talk about 'Detail' it later but at this point if i say
load.

          s2 = session.load(Student.class, 102);

Let's see if this works And we got an Error.
It say 'Could Not initialize the proxy'
