Till  this point we were able to store the data in database And we are quite
happy with it. And if u look also this once agin so, this time what happends
if i try to run this one again.
But the row we were trying to insert is already have in the table.
If we re run the program than we got an error name
"duplicate key value violates unique constraint "student_pkey" "

the thing is if we go to student 'id' we decalared this as 'Primary Key'.
So, we are trying to save the same data.
And that's what the issue is So, this time i change the name, roll No and 
age is ("kiran", "102", "25") So, this are the values we have and if u run 
this of course it should work.

See behind the seen we know that 'Hibernate' is using the 'JDBC' And when u use 'JDBC'
Basically it will use Queries. So, u wanted to see what the query is so, u can do that
Just go to 'hibernate.cfg.xml'.
when we use property tag name 'hibernate.show_sql' then in opening and closing 
scope we just write 'true'.

But agin we have to change the value at 'Main.java' this time. with 
('Harsh','103' and '21') So, at output we got
"Hibernate: insert into Student (sAge,sName,rollNo) values (?,?,?)"
So, basically it will sending data.

And also if u look at the sequence of course dusent metter what sequence u 
have because we specify the column name So, it goes in the ascending order
So, sAge then sName and Primary key at the end.

But if u want to see 'Hibernate: insert into Student (sAge,sName,rollNo) values 
(?,?,?)'.
Just go to 'hibernate.cfg.xml'.
when we use property tag name 'hibernate.format_sql' then in opening and closing 
scope we just write 'true'.

If u specify which Property u were working with u have also specify the 'dilect'
So, basically in different DBMS we have different 'dilect'.
Sql is not same for all DBMS As your DBMS changes SQL chnages slightly.

Example in some of the Databases we have 'Varchar' in some of the databases we have
text and many more So, basically which 'dilect' u were using with u can maintoined 
it's Property .
It's not compulsory but if u have any issue u can just specify that there is a property. I will do that here.

Just go to 'hibernate.cfg.xml'.
when we use property tag name 'hibernate.dilect' then in opening and closing 
scope we just write 'org.hibernate.dialect.MySQLDialect'.

Again not necessary but some times u were facing the error and if your console says 
'Hey u know i am not able to find the dilect' maintoined this property and this should work.
