At last video till this point we talk about
we have to discuss different stuff of course to configure your maven
u have to make changes in this file.

Now if you want to create a package u have to maintoin certain things right
For your own project if you want to make a 'jar' file u baiscally need.
       'groupId'   'artifactId'      'version'

That's how u can create a jar file or u can create your own libraries if you want
and then in your project if you want add dependenies then u can write it in the 'pom.xml' for 'Dependencies' tag.

what if you want to add some 'plugin's' of course u can add extra tag here
for the 'plugin' even that works
U can use the tag name 'pluginRepositories' u can maintoin those things

U can configure want u wanted to work but if u not maintoin the plugin but 
still u can able to done those things right.

    'Pom.xml' file will show u certain things right which u want to change.
But there are more setting to it which not even visible to u.

It will not the 'effect u pom' or 'super pam' which is the parent u can
say basically whatever u done changes here Is also reflected in the 'effective 
pam'.

So, let's say man want to work with your project they didn't look at the pam 
file but i know at this point u are ok but it look like an effective pam.
It will have other configuration as well as the configuration which u have done 
But how will u see that Different IDE's have different way of showing it.

In fact i should be working on maven using 'Netbeans IDE' and it was having
a extra tab for 'effective POM' here we using 'intellij' also i were using a
demo of 'eclipse' which help to find how to set an 'effective POM' 

If you are working with 'intellij' and right click on the 'pom.xml' the see 
this have the option of 'maven' if you click there at right of those option
they have given allot of options in which we have to click one option name
'show effective pom'.
If you click on it look like a 'pom' file but name is different if you see
there are more things then a 'normal pom' file if you go down then it will call something 'pluginRepositories'.

i. 'pluginRepositories' its where u getting all the plugins by default Even if
you are not added them Or there are resources as well like
   there is a 'plugin' called 'auto-run'
    ||    || || ||      for 'clean'
    ||    || || ||      for 'resources'
    ||    || || ||      for  'Jar'
Everything u wanna do
    There is a 'plugin' called 'compiler'

So, everything is there by Default and If you don't maintoined in a 'pom' file
it's there.
               -------NOTE-------
'Effective POM' which is getting created for every 'Maven' project
whatever changes u make don't make changes in the 'effective pom'.
U as a developer U make changes in 'pom.xml'.
It will by default create it's 'effective pom' here
So, it's same 'pom' with different name but same thing.
               ----------X---------
