U have to know Maven's working because what if you stuck some where 
due to 'Archtype' Issue and 'Version' Issues at that point u have to
know how ton resolve it.

It will be easier to resolve if you know what is running behind the 
seen so, let's understand this and the focus is not for the Dependency
not for the plugin's so, here we talk about how Maven works to resolve the
Dependencies.

What happens is in every project when u go to 'pam.xml' and u add the 
dependency what happens is you asking maven
'hey u know MAVEN i want this dependencies from the internet' So,
it's says hay maven i need this dependencies.

But the question arise how maven will know from where u get the 
dependencies it's mean that when u install 'MAVEN' on your
machines u have an authority to access the dependencies from
all along the world of course it's not right.
      It will make your machine very bulky and if you have '10TB'
Hard Drive  so, it will not been enough because allot of Dependencies 
in the world.

So, what happend's is when you say 'Hey maven i want this dependencies'?
MAVEN says 'Ok u give me some time i will give u this file/dependency.
Firstly i check those dependency in your local System.'
So, basically Every machine u have 'MAVEN' installed.
U have something called an 'm2' folder so, in your local Drive
Or In your machine If u are using 'mac' or 'windows'.

If you are using 'windows' search for an 'm2' folder 
There are very high chance that it's should be in 'documents
Just search for it. in 'mac' it
should be in your 'home' folder it's just that it's hidden folder
U can use command 'ctrl+shift+.' to see all the hidden folder

In the 'm2' folder u see 2 folder we click on 'repository'
in my machine i have all this folder but if you are using 
'MAVEN' for the first time u don't have any folder here.

So, what happend is every time u use maven to get some dependencies
'Maven' have the copy of it inside the local machine 
If i delete all this 'Dependencies' then
I say every time 'Hey MAVEN u have some dependencies'
MAVEN is like 'Ok let me search that thing in the local machine
                First in 'm2' folder If it's there that's great
                else i go to 'Maven Central' From there i download 
              the Dependencies.'

It's the One Leetle problem here if you say: 'we have the library
on the Maven repository or any Central repository'
Do, u think all the libraries are same because if thay are not safe
basically your project is not safe
So, u have to make sure that your used library will be safe in fact in
intellij it gives the warning like
       'Dependency <name with version> is vulnerable'

basically most of the libraries which are used is 'vulnerable' and
that's why u get updates for it so, make sure this particular libraries are
updated 
