So, the first step is how did u get 'Maven' in your Machine
So, basically u can use Maven as Your local tool.

U can just Install the Maven u set the Path and U can access
Maven with the help of Command line.
But we are more Focusing on IDEs Now Right.
Of course can we use 'Maven' with IDEs Yes, u can and 
most of the IDEs use 'Maven' support.

But If you want to Install in your Machine so, u just go throw
there.
Now "http://maven.apache.org/" is the Official Web site of Maven
So, basically it's an 'Apache' Project.
U can Explore u just go to your website displayed allot of things

If you want to 'DOWNLOAD' there is a Download Option here and
u get the 'maven' from here and u can set the path and u can
use maven on the command line.

Of course it's not our main intention here. So, how we gona use 
Maven?
We can use any IDE like we can use 'Eclipse' , 'Netbeans', 
U can use 'Intelij'.

Now we just Open 'InteliJ Idea' it also work with 'commite' and
'ultimate' version i have both then i just use the 
'commite Version' here.

     If you 'Create' a new Project it will give You a lot of Option Here
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
i. we maintoined the name:'MavenDemo'.
ii. we set the 'Location' Here.
iii. then it will ask u the language because 'intellij' support multiple
     languages But we have 'Commite' version then 
     we doesn't show this option.
iv. U have to check the Build System is 'Maven' because if u want to  
    Setup the same project at any Operating System.
v. click on which JDK u want to perform then click on those 'JDK'.
vi. click on create here.
                       ------X------
           Now u see this is your basic Structure 'ok'
                      That's how u get 'Maven'.' 
                -------------------------------------
By default we have 'MAVEN support' In the Previous lec we talk
about Different stages of Project like 'compile', 'run', 'test'
and a lot of Different Steps.

So, we have to achive it with the help of 'MAVEN' plugin's Now in any IDE
Depend upon which IDE we are using.
    We see the option of 'Maven' in 'intellij' u see it at right Top.
In 'Eclipse' u might see this in Different Position.

If you see on 'Maven' project here So, Click on 'Maven' project.
If you see that option of 'lifecycle'.
           Now At present u your eye's just see is what i was 
talking about let's say i got very simple core if i see the 
'main' code here of course u create a simple file so, once
u created it what if you want to compile all those file.

'Complie' button: so, maven will take care of it.U doesn't 
                  done it manually.
'test' button : if you want to test the data then this will 
                be in use. Of course u done all this things 
                 with the help of command-line.
                but we also use the IDE feature. 

'Package' button : If you want to create a jar file for your project
                   then click on 'package' button. 
"Building jar: C:\Users\ratho\Documents\MevenDemo\target\MevenDemo-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar"
 U can see this JAR file is already created we have also Given the path to access it.

'install' button : If u install 'Maven' then this command will be in use.

'deploy' button : If you want to Deploy the data.
                   Of course For Different Deployment u have to Configure.

              So, This is all about LifeCycle Now we go on 'Plugins'.

To achieve all the Benefite of 'Maven' so, 'Maven' Provide some plugins
So, u can use this plugins basically to make it work.

      Maven have Something called an 'Archtype' so, we can see what are those 
               Things we can see in the next video.
