After grasping the story, features and the reasons behind Dart's design.
It's time to get hands on! this lesson will guide u step by step through
writing your very first Dart program, explaining every choice and the 
reasoning behind it as we go.

          1. The Classic First Program: "Hello, World!"
i. what does "Hello, World!" Look like in Dart?
 void main(){
  print('Hello, World!');
 }
ii. Explaining Every Line Like a Teacher
 *'void main(){...}': This is the special starting point for every Dart
                      program. Dart searches for 'main()' to know where to
 begin.
 Why? This structure keeps programs organized, telling Dart, "Start roading
 the instructions here!"

 *print('Hello, World!');': This tells Dart to show text in the console - 
                       like raising  u hand in class to say something! 
 Why? Without this, there's no way to confirm your code is actually running.

              2. Make it Your Own: Change and Play
i. Why Experiment?
 *Why: Programming is best learned hands-on. Changing the message, adding
      Your name, or printing numbers helps u see immediate cause and effect,
      building confidence.
ii. Try These Changes:
 *Replace with your name:
        print('Hello, Dart Learner!');
 *Print numbers:
        print(12345);
 *Print more than one line:
   dart CODE:
  print('This is Dart.');
  print('Programming is fun!');

             3. Reasoning Behind Dart's Simplicity
*Clean Syntax: Notice how there are no weird symbols or extra steps - just
               a function with instructions inside. Dart was designed this
          way so beginners could start quickly without getting overwhelmed.
*Print function: Adding output early gives feedback, making it encouraging
                 to experiment This "cause and effect" is very important
                 for learning.

             4. Summary Of Lecture 4:
*You learned about setting up Dart with DartPad or locally.
*Wrote and ran the first Dart Program line-by-line, with reasons why 
 every part exists.
*Saw how Dart's design removes confusion for beginners.
*Practiced making changes and understood the importance of hands on coding.

