So, we know aboutwhy we need 'threads' so, here we create multiple threads
'Multiple threads' is just not that we have a concept of 'threads'
and we are going to use in every application.

What if i say that most of the time u don't even create threads by yourself.
See if you build application so, u can use a certain framworks right
Now behind the seen this framworks will create Threads for you.

So, if you work on the big project there is a high chance that
u will not even write 'threads' by yourself.

But we are also worry that to make the hand-on in the underlying 
concepts right.

we will going to some imaginary concept here.
Let's say we have the class name 'Hi' it's main task to
print 'hi'.

So, what we do is inside the class 'hi' we create a method 'show'
with access modifier 'Public'and it doesn't return anything. So, 
in method 'show' we print "hi".

But i wan't to print "hi" multiple times on the console Screen that's 
why we use 'for loop' and we are putting this inside the loop.

we build a class name "hii" with a same concept and the same code which 
will corruspond with 'hi' class But the only difference is 'hii' will print
'hii' n'times and 'hi' class will print 'hi' n'times.

That's the only difference if we ignore the 'Class' name difference.

Now i will moved on to the 'main' class name 'Demo' where we create an
object of class 'hi' as 'obj1' as same as 'hii' object name is 'obj2'.

And Now i want to call those methods with the help of hi's objects.
     Obj1.show();
     Obj2.show();
Perform this operations in the program like this

class hi extends Thread
{
 public void show()
 {
  for(int i=1;i<=10;i++)
   System.out.println("hi");
 }
}

class hii extends Thread
{
 public void show()
 {
  for(int i=1;i<=10;i++)
   System.out.println("hii");
 }
}

If you want to Execute two things at the same time and behave at the same
time since methods are behaviour so, we can use something called
'Threads'.
So, we can say there are two objects but this are not two normal objects
u can't execute normal objects in multiple threads or u can't execute 
normal objects simultaniously.

How do you make the normal objects as threads that's tricky right
If you want to make this classes or objects as 'threads' just extend 
those classes with 'Thread'
