At this Vedio we talk about enums?so, enums are named constants which we create.so, 
basically if you try to have some constant example let we talk about 'error codes'
and u have worked with any networking concept.
let say u send the request to the server.in return server will response current status.
if it accepted the request and detected the request or resource not found will print
the error '404 not found'.
So, u know there are different no. for different error's data u get from server
and u have a name for it.
Instead of creating the object by yourself the better option is you will create
a enum.
let's explain with the help of program.

enum Status {
Running, Failed, Panding, Success;
}

public class Demo
{
 public static void main(String args[])
 {
  int i=5;
  Status s = Status.Running;
  System.out.println(s.ordinal());
 }
}


let's say we create the enum of 'Status' in this you have some different constant.
just like u will create a class which have multiple objects. 'Status' u have the
running state,failed state,success state,panding state and all different things.

Just to keep it simple you use 'enum' we define all the names constant.It seems pre-
build let's say you will talk about 'status' this have different part like Running,
failed, panding, success of course u change the sequence doesn't matter.

All this are working as an object of 'Status' and we call this as
'Status s = Status.Running;' and here we print the object value 
print 'Running'.
Basically we use any status here. Instead of writing 'Running' as class
here we talk it as 'Named Constant' it build your work easy.

But if you have the scenario where you want to use constant we can use
'enum' concept.

Instead of using 'Running' use 'Failed','Pending' and 'Success'.But 
if you use and method which not available in 'Status'. Then, it
gives an error 'Cannot be resolved or is not a field'.

A 'Named Consant' will also have it's alloted no. so that u pick the status
based on Numbers.In java it start with zero,1,2,3 to confirm that 
we use the method name 'orfinal' by using the command.
  "System.out.println(s.ordinal());"
But if going out one by one we print all the 'Named Consant' status simultaniouly
we use method name 'values' becuase it gives u an array and based on it's
'allotment no.' we decide it's position on array.

implementation is given below.

enum Status {
  Running, Failed, Pending, Success;
}

public class Demo
{
 public static void main(String args[]){
 int i=5;
 Status[] ss = Status.values();

 for(Status s : ss)
 System.out.println(s+ " : "+s.ordinal());
 }
}