In This video we talk about Different Type of Interfaces.
let's check what are the options we have 3 parts at which
1) Normal
2) Functional/SAM
3) Marker

First talk about interface

*we already know that in interface we commonly declare methods but
after 'Java 8' we also got an option of Define the method in interface 
but we talk about this later.




At this point we know that only have authority to declare a method.
All the methods in interface are 'Public+Abstract'.

Whenever you create an Normal interface. which have multiple 
methods called Normal Interface.
Example: If you create an interface here and it's name is 'Abc'.
   If this interface have two methods onboard that is normal interface. 

Before 'Functional Interface' let's talk about SAM(single abstract method)
that simply means if you have an interface 'Abc' again which have only
one method so, that's called Single Abstract Method Interface.
And you also called it as functional interface.




Next is 'Marker Interface' this is an interface which have no methods that's
right A blank interface.
First we have a Question why some one will create a blank interface?
Answer) is to update some thing to the compiler. when you talk about
compiler "Please Allow This?".
In java we have the concept of 'Serialization' where we get the object
and store tha values of the object into your hard drive.
Example: 
you got the object which have variables 'a,b,c'.This have
some values (like 10,20). if we want to save the hard drive.
if you want to show this data we use the concept of serialization
then you Destroy this object. why we are saying this just because
if you want to re-create the object latter




whenever you are playing the 
game and you want to save the game and your game is take around 
4GB-5GB RAM but if you save the game it doesn't consume that much data. 
It consume around in KBs. Because "if you re-start the game after closing
it you get the default values but if you want the old values.then, you simply 
load the current stacks" this will called De-serialization.

Now by default every object is not allowed to do that you get the premission
so how do you get the premission.
You can simply create the class and give the premission with the help of
markup interface.

SO we have a lot of 'Markup' interface in java because it's important.