Now let's talk about 'collection'. The funny thing is 
in this topic we have three Different Type of collection.

The first we have 'collection API'
                  ----------------
The second one is collection
                  -----------
The last one is collections
                -----------

This is the most confusing thing in this.
When we are talking about 'collection API'
then we talk about 'concept'.
So, let's say 'Hey we talk about someting
at collection API'.It's something which belongs
to this concept.

If we start with collection then we talk about
'Interface'.If i say collection i was talking 
about the 'Interfaces and some classes who
implement this'.

At last In 'Collections' we talk about 'class'.
And then, we talk about collections which is a
class or that have multiple methods to work with.

Ok so why we will talk about collection here then
whenever u want to grove the elements. let's
say if you have one value then u can store it in one 
variable Just like 
         'int num =5;' but what if you have multiple 
values and that's the problem creates How will u 
store multiple values and i know u know the answer.

The answer is 'ARRAY' and u want to work with it 
we simply create the 'nums' here which is an array
and we build the object of this.Like It
        'int nums[] = new int[5];'

Now this is your array like it perfectly works then
Now why we will talking about this topic.
So, the thing is now we are talking about working with 'Data'
and working with algorithms so, there is a concept called 
'Data Structures'.

Right and i know u hered about that in multiple places. Yes
Data structures is very important the way u fatch data, the 
way u stored data is very important.

That some time u stored the data in the storage and some 
times u fatch data and some time try to store last element 
so, whatever elements as when u inserted last so, may be u want 
to fetch data.

Or may be u have another type of data when u want to insert 
data in this values and the value u want to fetch is the 
first value. At Previous we are talking about 'Last In First Out'
(stack) And this we were talking about 'First in first out'(Queue).

Now apart form that there are different 'Data Structures' that u want
to work with and also we will implement all the data structures with
the help of an 'array' name 'nums'.

So, as the programmer u need to do it So, it's good it's fun for a project
u don't been the actually work with it when u create the structure by 
yourself.

When we though that let just create an API and the bueaty is we talk about
the letter version of java and 'Data Structures' by using the inbuild 
classes SO, it make your work much much Easier.

Also when you want to fatch data and Expandable array that's right
the array which we have worked with it's fixed size.
let's example if we create an array of size '5' it will be '5'.
U can't extend it.

              int num =5;
            int num[] = new int[5];

If there is a scenario where u want to expand an array and u 
want an array of '7' size now.
So, of course in the existing array u can't do that and that's
the problem.

We can find the solution of this as well. u can create an array
let's say 'nums2' and create object of it and maintioned it's 
size 7 here And copy all the elements in 'nums' array.

If u will create an array which is dynamic so, it's exciting 
to work with data and u can use different algorithms to work 
with it.

How we have to use collection API we will see it in the next video.
