If we talk about any programming language like
C++, Java, Javascript in this all languages
it's compulsory to work on the data.

We have so many Data stucture which store data.
The different data structure will have different 
methods/techniques or return to fatch data 
techniques is different.

If we talk about Data handling and Storage
so, Variables are something which is very 
    ---------
important thing.

A simplest entity to store the data are variables
without confusing 'Variable' term we make it's
meaning in simplest form then
Variables are Named memory Locations.
              ----------------------
              if we store different data's in variables
              It will take Different space some data take
              space of 4 byte,some are 8 bytes and many more

In the memory if you have to identify some data uniqely
It only possible when u have to identify with the 
help of address.
In short if you try to store any value or access any
value it only done with the help of address.

To make the easy technique of storing or access with the
help of Address. With the help of 'Variables' u will give
name to the location('age' name given in this case).

This will have some variable names are :
i. var      ii.let         iii.const
and any more.

Let say we use a command.
              'let age = 25;'
where 'let' is dynamically type datatype
       'age' is a name of the variable.
    ' 25 ' is a constant

But as u know we have 3 datatypes which are used 
Exactly similar.
Example :
         -------------
          var a = 50;    ---> why It's totally Stoped to use?
          let a = 60;
          const a = 70;
          --------------
The main Question is what is the Difference between
this 3 data type.

                   Var Keyword
                   ------------
This are the traditional way of declaring variables in 
'Javascript'. Variables declared with 'var' are function 
scoped or globally - scoped but not block - scoped.

Means variables declared with 'var' are hoisted to the
top of their function or global scope.
The hoisting behaviour can sometimes lead to 
unexpected results and make debugging challenging.

         ---------------NOTE--------
if 'var' will be Not in the specific function than it becomes 
'Global' and we access it throw out the file.
             Commit : JavaScript comments can be used 
to explain JavaScript code, and to make it more readable.
       -----------------------------

