Now begin to 4th video


We have to build a query at which we have to select a words which will start from the 'R' in the column empname.

For doing this we have to use 'like' keyword with symbol '%' known as regix(regular expression) 
Write a query with this is

SELECT * FROM emp WHERE empname like 'R%'; 

 Here 'R%' this represent the first will be a character to find empname which starts from R
And % represent is 0 or more than 0 characters


This will print 2 rows in set  is Ram,Raj


If we try to select a words which will ends from the 'M' in the column empname.

We use in last of the Query is " like '%m'; "  

It will give output Ram,Shayam' 

If we try to select a words which will randomly have 'a' in the column empname.

We use in last of the Query is " like '%a%'; "  

It will give three output Ram,Raj,Shyam

If we try to select second word which will have second  word from the start is  'a' in the column empname.

We use in last of the Query is " like '_a%'; "  

Here again we get output Ram,Ra


If we try to select name which will have 'a' in the second last at the column empname.
We use in the last of the query is " like '%a_' " 

Here we get output Shyam,Raj,Ram



If we try to select name which will have 'a','b','c','d' in the random position at the column empname.

We use in the last of the query is " like '[a-d]%' ";

Here we get output Shyam,Raj,Ram


But it will not work in MySQL it will work on other database like Oracle, Postgrece and etc.



Now give a Mercy to John by changing its salary from NULL to 5000 

UPDATE emp SET empsalary=5000 WHERE empid=103;

The output is 1 row affected
Row match:1 changed:1 

But if u write an non existing no in empsalary and empid so,this will not give any kind of error and query perfectly execute

The output is 0 row affected
Row match:0 changed:0



I have to check that which have the second minimum salary so now for this we are taking help from Nested Query. Here it is

SELECT * From emp WHERE empsalary = ( SELECT MIN(empsalary) FROM emp WHERE empsalary> ( SELECT MIN( empsalary) From emp));



It gives output 1 rows affected but Its very hectic process.



For the Solution of this we have the knowledge of some keyword 

1) Order by: here this is a predefined keyword which help to arrange order with there own choice. Write a query of this is

SELECT * FROM emp ORDER BY empsalary;

It will arrange all the data in the ascending order. But in this he have something hidden.

SELECT * FROM emp ORDER BY empsalary ASC;
Where ASC = Ascending 

SELECT * FROM emp ORDER BY empsalary DESC;
Where DESC = Desending it if we previously check that this have another meaning called Describe. So, DESC is the overloaded operator.



2) limit : here this is a predefined keyword which will give the Range for Printing.just like Query is

SELECT * FROM emp limit 0,2; 

The meaning of this query is start printing from row no. 0 to 1 because Here 2 is Count



If I can write here is 
SELECT * FROM emp limit 1,2;

The meaning of this query is start with 1 but here count is 2 so ends with 2



SELECT * FROM emp limit 0,200; 

So, U know that indexOutOfBoundException so, don't this this will wanna happened BUT this will print record exactly u have stored in his database and his table



We have authority to mies starting index and for this u can write only count like this

SELECT * FROM emp limit 2 

This will print 2 data.



3) Distinct: this will remove all the data from the entities.

SELECT distinct(empcity) FROM emp; 

The output will be 3 rows affected because Indore is Duplicate 1 time .



Now we will get it's solution(OF Problem given at 
Line no 75) with the help of this Query

SELECT * FROM emp ORDER BY empsalary ASC limit 1,1; 

This will give the second minimum value 1 row  in set

For 3 Rd Minimum we have to just change in the last is 
" Limit 2,1 ;"



For highest we have to just change ASC to DESC.



But it's not Technically correct because there is a chances that there is more than one have the Same record so it's difficult to pick 1 for those position.



This query will work for unique salary but not for duplicate salary because the chances to failed this query will be hig



So make a safe bate for this because it will not show name who get lowest or highest salary but it only throw which have the lowest or higher salary with the help of this query 

This query will give the output of Second highest in the table. Not matter that table have unique or duplicate data.

SELECT distinct(empsalary) FROM emp ORDER BY empsalary DESC LIMIT 1,1;

This is the output at which 1 row in set



But this problem will have the solution that is Nested Query that's we show how can be show with the help of query that we all all the entity's data

SELECT * FROM emp WHERE empsalary = ( SELECT distinct( empsalary) FROM emp ORDER BY empsalary DESC LIMIT 1,1);

The output is 3 rows in set because the second highest salary have 3 duplicate same salary with same person.

Now for changing the highest value that this is query as
"............ DESC LIMIT 3,1);" this is the 3rd highest value will he give that can build with name's



To count no. Of people comes for different cities for Employment will be authenticated by this query.

SELECT distinct(empcity) , COUNT(empcity) FROM emp GROUP by empcity;

This will print the entity empcity and Count(empcity) at which it will give the count from the particular Citi that he/she belongs.

The output is 4 rows in set




we try to give access to some one for some data to manipulate , configure and print those data so, there is a certain techniques to perform operations on this are a follows:                                                                           1st) Technique is CREATE TABLE table_name as (SELECT empid,empname,empcity FROM emp);                                                                                               this Query give the copy of the previous table selected elements.                                                  The output is Query is OK 10 rows affected        Records = 10. ans etc



but it build a seperate copy



2nd technique is to make a View by replacing  'TABLE table_name' with 'VIEW table_view' in previous commands and it gives output Zero rows affect and Here we does't build copy we give access to the Other preson to mainpulate with his inner access critaria the data u will keep hidden is still hidden



it is like a table but it's not a table



Delete will be recoverable but truncate will not recoverable



I was talking about a Query 'ALTER' so ALTER means alteration Let say a table have 5 column so we try to increase 1 and decrease 1 for this the changes will happen in the outer Structure To alter this we have ALTER keyword.                                                      FOr this we have to done some things like in the Existing table we can change the column count,we can detele the column from an Existing table,we can change the datatype of the particular column.



Just like in this Query we can add a column from the existing table.                                                                                                                  ALTER TABLE emp ADD COLUMN mailid varchar(32);



So, it just add this column in last position



If you want to specify that at which position u want to place the column 'mailid' at this we want to add some commands in this Query.



we use the Keyword 'AFTER' in this 'ALTER' command. SO,                                                                                                                  ALTER TABLE emp ADD COLUMN mailid varchar(32) AFTER empname;



SO, this Query placed the mailid id column after empname



Now there is another keyword for wroking with ALTER is 'CHANGE' and if you using ORACLE this will be known as MODIFY This is use to change the Datatype of the Praticular column you created previously in a Table.



ALTER TABLE emp CHANGE contact empcontact varchar(13)