Now it's time to create the schema? So, how did u create the schema?
So, normally when you have a DBMS. let's say a "Postgres" or "MySql",
basically u can open that software and you can write the query to 
create this schema. And then it will work right.

but since we are using 'H2' and we are not using a web application to
get the H2 console what you can do is, if you want to get a schema,
In the resource folder you can actually create a schema. 

How do we done that is very simple 'Right-click' and say New -> file and 
name this as "schema.sql".                               ---    ----
This where you have to write this schema. In fact, i will create two tables
here or two files in "resources".
one for data as well so, we create 'data.sql'. let's minimize this 
So, we got two files 'schema.sql' and 'data.sql'.

How do we get a schema in SQL? it's very simple. We have to create a 
table when we use to table name Which is "Student" in this case.
And then in the round brackets you mention your fields, your columns
So, what are the columns we needed:
 i. the first column i need is rollno and this is of type 'int'.
And i want this to be primary key.
 ii. Next is name, which is varchar let's say the size i want to
have is 50. And normally, we can have 10,20 maybe 30.
But then there are certain names which are very big, especially
South india names.
 iii. Now i will say marks int.And that's it. So, basically we need 
this three variables here. So, schema is done, but as i mentioned,
we also went some data.
CODE in 'schema.sql':
create table student {
 rollno int primary key,
 name varchar(50),
 marks int
}

So, we can have that data in the 'data.sql' file.
How do you d=get the data? So, you don't have to maintoined the json
file. You basically have to mention your inset statement.
So, i would say insert into student for three values,

For 3 values "rollno,name,marks and i will say values".
And in values we have to specify the no. So, let's see what i'm sending
data in this.
CODE in 'data.sql':
          insert into student (rollno, name, marks) values

So, I'm sending "101 Navin and 78" as one object from 
"SpringJdbcExApplication" i change rollNo from '101' to '104'
because i want to have at least three data before this.
Then i  write all the data.

So, i will satrt with 101. So, this is 101 at 'data.sql'.
Name is let's say "kiran". And then the value is let's say 79.
So, we need 2 more times two command.
CODE 
insert into student (rollno, name, marks) values (101, "Kiran", 79);
insert into student (rollno, name, marks) values (102, "Harsh", 68);
insert into student (rollno, name, marks) values (103, "Sushil", 82);

What i am expecting is H2 will load the schema and data. Let's run
this. Okay I hope it'll work. Okay, we got some more errors.
It says column given not found. Okay, maybe i made a mistake there.
So, i will back to 'data.sql'.

So, where exactly I'm getting this. which the file 'data.sql'
We check this is the problem with double codes.
