First We see the simple example of "Dependency Injection"
Now the question arrise which IDE we are going to use 
We already Seen Different IDE's like VS code, Intellij Idea,
Eclipse And NetBeans.

We just start with Eclipse and then moving to intellij
Let's Start with 'Eclipse'
                 ---------
first click on 'Create a project' then it will ask u
what kind of project u building then click on 'Maven'
Project. It will gives u an option of adding dependency.

But Instead of "Maven" we have "spring Boot" So, we get the option of 
Spring boot In Sub option u got option of "Spring Starter Project"
And say next Now u see the POP Up Console. 
At which the first field we have 'Service URL' Remember this URL
Which says "https://start.spring.io".

Then it ask u for name So, i write "SpringBootFirst"
Use 'By Default location'  And Now i can specify the type of
Build In which u have two options 'Gradle' and 'Maven'
Language is "Java" of Course But u also done with "Kotlin".

Then it ask u for group Id have field by default name is "com.telusko" 
'Artifact' Name is same as 'Project Name'.
The Package name is 'com.telusko.app' that's it nothing much Now click
on next.

Now next pop up come to console is 
'New Spring Starter Project Dependencies' This is where u have the
option to add extra features.
Spring is a module or framwork  which will not give u every thing in 
the first project Or At movement when u create a project.

It will ask u what u want to add as u add the modules as needed.
One day u can chose what kind ok options u want AT first field
u can get the option of 'Spring Boot Version' '3.2.0' and u also
go for the older one.

And niw here u can add Dependency. If u want to make a web project 
U simply Say simply "web" then u can select 'web' here
What if u want to select a web cercuit.
If u want to select JPA But at this point u will go for a simple example
let's not add the dependency.

At that movement if u want to add something u can add here.
If u not want to add anything u simply say "next" then click 
on "finish".
And u can get here project. Actually this project will be coming
from Internet So, there is a web site called "start.spring.io"
I want to show that web site in some time.

But that from where u are getting the project. If u see when i open 
this is your spring project.
If i open the 'pom' file. Code we have 
There is one dependency u need when u are working with spring boot.
"<dependency>
    <groupId>org.springframwork.boot</groupId>
    <artifactId>spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
</dependency>"
                  ------------X---------------
But if i don't want to use 'Eclipse' any more What if i want to use
'Intellij'. Now the problem is in 'eclipse' u have that option
of 'Plugin' install. But if u open 'intellij' and if i create a 
new project There is no way i have to specify the Spring Project.
IS there in Ultimate version Not in commity version and we not have
ultimate version SO, in that case if u want the project a best way is
U go to Web site called "start.spring.io" And u can see the spring 
initializer what u can do is
We create the Project Here
                    -------------X----------
So, in "Spring Initializr" First we choose Project Build
"MAVEN" Then we choose language 'JAVA'
Third we choose 'Spring Boot' Version '3.2.0'
Now we write 'Group' name 'com.telusko'
WE write 'Artifact' name as 'SpringBootDemo' 
Description u will change if u want 'Demo Project For Spring Boot'.
Go To 'Package name' as 'com.telusko.app'
Then i will maintoined the packaging as 'Jar'
Maintoined 'Java' version '17'
And if u want to add 'Dependencies' so, click on
'ADD DEPENDENCIES' but this time i don't need here
At Last click on 'GENERATE'.

IN src -> main -> Java -> com.telusko.app -> SpringBootDemoApplication

Which is your Spring Boot Application Now i coudn't tail about what
is happening here. That's not the main idea The main idea is u got
the spring boot project.
Now i will print some thing to test if my app is running or not
I just simply say "Hello world"
