Start our journey with Spring framwork.
Whenever we are talking about Spring framwork It comes with spring boot as well
So, what is spring and what is spring boot?
That's what we focus on the entire course first we will start with spring 
framwork and slowly we move towards spring boot.

But if u thing that both are different things so they are but spring boot
  works on 'spring' framework. But till this point we have not idea 
  what is spring framwork so we don't talk about spring boot framwork yet.

Now what is Spring framwork?
    -----------------------
  If you want to print Enterprise level application Or if you want to 
print any big application in java. 
we will be using some framwork but it not just for java. Doesn't matter 
  which language we use  framworks as well.

when it comes to java one of the best framworks available for 
  developing applications is spring.
If fact before spring we have different framworks.
  In fact there was a time we have to work with 'EJB'
and we still do that.

  Jakarta Enterprise Beans
  (EJB; formerly Enterprise JavaBeans)

If we want to build 'web Applications' we use 'STRUTS'
And if you want to work with databases with the help of 'ORM'
We use to work with 'HIBERNATE'.

But what if u get everything in one framwork and that's where 
Spring comes into picture.

Intensionally 'Spring' is a light weight framwork. Of course
  what is light weight we understand it latter But just give 
  u a hint 'Spring' work with 'POJOs'(Plain Old Java Object)
Which is the normal object and a normal object will do allot 
of things for u.

Now as i maintoined that "spring will use to build the 
enterprise level application." And for better understanding
we come to Offical website of spring.
    'spring.io'.
If u go there u can see what it says:
  'Spring makes Java Productive'
  'Spring makes Java Reactive'
  'Spring makes Java Mordern'
Now spring is not just a one thing u know when the 'spring'
launched way back it's more about one module it was for 
'Dependency Injection' of course we talk about that latter.
But latter on 'Spring' got allot of different projects.  

So, it's not just one thing it's a combination of multiple 
things So, u can say 'spring' is an 'Ecosystem' it has allot
of things to talk about So, what things we have there.

basically we talk about what kind of modules available.
'Spring' can do
  'microservices','Reactive application','Application for
    cloud','web applications','Serverless','Event Driven'
and 'batch' at last.

So, it provide allot of different things and we can use simple 
annotations, simple mapping and we have done but it's not actually
Syntax of spring it's syntax 
