Now the question arrise we are going to implement the 
'Dependency Injection' using 'spring' the thing is before starting
with the actual code we have to analize one thing.
we have two things here.
i. spring
ii. spring boot 

They are not different the thing is that on the top of 
'Spring framework' we got 'Spring Boot' but why the thing is
when 'spring' come into existence way back it was good for the
industry and also for the programmer.

we have to done allot of configuration even to print 
'hello world' so, it u want to build the spring project
And if you just want to print 'hello world'.
U doesn't just simply write 'ok hello world' u have to 
  done allot of configuration are:
i. Creating the Project
  ii. Cofiguraing XML file.
  iii. Creating the Beans.
All the things will make much more sense if we go forward
But the thing is it get allot of efforts and time to create your
first spring project.

To done easy of that project we got 'spring boot'.
  It's an 'Opinionated Frameowrk' it will give u the project 
which can be run on first go.
So, basically when u create a spring project it will create a 
structure for u and u have to run directly you don't need to
done much configuration.

Of course if you want to make some changes then u can done it in
  spring boot but it will give u a project if the spring is the
framework and at the top of that we got spring boot.

Now of course if you want to project now a days people prefer to 
work in spring boot but what works behind the seen to understand
  that u have to understand the spring framework.

Now the version we are working with 'Spring' is 'Spring6' and
  version of 'Spring Boot 3'.
           ----------------X-------------
  To re iterate 'Spring' is a framework SO, what ever u are doing with 
the help of spring boot u are working with spring framework.
Just u are working with spring boot it doesn't mean u are not 
using spring framwork.
So, spring is there and at the top of that to achieve spring boot
  To achieve this dependency injection the first code would you write
  in 'Spring boot' and what happends behind the seen we can see with 
the help of Spring frame work.
