Spring Tool Suite(STS) is a java IDE tailored for developing Spring based 
enterprise applications. It is easier, faster, and more convenient. And 
most importantly it is based on Eclipse IDE. STS is free, open source, and 
Spring Tools 4 is the next generation of Spring tooling for your favorite
coding environment.
Largely built form scatch it provides world class support for developing 
Spring based enterprise applications, whether u prefer Eclipse, Visual 
Studio Code or Theia IDE.

Prerequisite: Make sure u have installed Java Development Kit(JDK) version
              17 or never. To check simply go to the terminal and enter
              the below command to check if it is present or not.
   CODE:
                            javac -version
Procedure: These are steps to be followed sequentially which are discussed            further with visual aids as listed:
1. Download "SpringToolSuits" as per the operating System to the local 
   machine.
2. Move the downloaded JAR file to the corresponding folder.
3. Unzip this JAR file and open the corresponding folder.
4. Click on the SpringToolSuite4 Application file.
5. Select the Direcory representing workspace and press the 'LAUNCH'
   button.

                      SPRING TOOL SUITE DOWNLOAD
Step 1: Go to their website and in Spring Tools 4 for the Eclipse  
        section in order to download choose your corresponding file
        according to your OS.
Step 2: After clicking on the button a Jar file will be downloaded to
        Your local system. Now create a folder and move this jar file
        to that folder. And double click on that jar file. A pop up
        window will appear like below.
Step 3: After successfully Unpacking a new folder will create as shown in
        the below image: Now open the folder,
Step 4: In this folder now click on the SpringToolSuite4 Application file
        as shown in the below image:
Step 5: Now Select your directory as workspace by clicking on the browser
        button and then click on launch button. And u are done.
