There are many reasons for which Spring is one of the best choices for
developing our project as it is open source, stable, and many more.
It is one of the most trusted frameworks for building projects or 
developing enterprise applications when working with the Java tech stack 
and projects written in java are more secure and robust.

                      1. EASY SIMPLE AND LIGHTWEIGHT
 Spring is easy to learn and implement which is composed of modules where
 we can write spring applications normally with interfaces and abstract 
 classes just like java applications.
 Spring helps in coupling and wiring the components which make working with
 Spring easier and simpler as we can focus more on application rather than
 Its implementation.
 It is lightweight as we can inject dependencies as per our need without 
 having to include each of them thus saving the project from unnecessary 
 memory utilization.

                      2. BUILDS SECURE WEB APPLICATIONS
From buying a lock to renting a house, we often look into if they can 
provide security or not or are secure or not.
Why not look for security when building an application?
Spring provides security if Spring Security is on the classpath and we can 
customize the security setting further for basic authentication and prevent 
vulnerability in our project.

                      3. MVC PATTERN
MVC is a pattern and methodology in software design that stands for that
stands for MODEL VIEW CONTROLLER which helps in separating implementation
and business logic so that developers can focus on their code for better
performance of the application.
In Simple words, the view is where requests are received first which are
taken by the controller to the corresponding model for results which are 
then taken to view to show at the front side of the application.
This systematic receiving and resolving of requests make MVC based 
frameworks a good deal to work with.
Spring supports the MVC pattern for developing projects which promotes
separation of concerns and loose coupling which is one of the key
features of potential software.

                      4. EASY COMMUNICATION WITH DATABASES
Databases are an important part of an application as without smooth and
easy communication with the database, our application can become plain.
Spring ensures easy and effective communication with databases as it has
DAO(Data Access Object)  functionality which is meant to read and write 
data to a database.
With the support of DAO in Spring , data access related technologies such
as HIBERNATE
