So, let's start with servlet the thing is, as i mentioned before, if you 
want to run your servlet, you need a container, which is your Tomcat server.
Now there are two options here:
what we can do is you can build your application. So, let's say you're
building your web application in Java. Now if you want to run this on a
server, what you do is you create a package of it.

And normally if you create a package with the extension '.war', which is 
the '.web' archive. If you're building a console application, you can use
'.jar', but if you want to make a web application, you use '.war'.

because it runs on 'Tomcat'. Now of course nowadays we can also create JAR
which u can directly run. 

Again, we'll talk about that in the upcoming videos.But the main thing is:

U create a package of your project and put that on a Tomcat server so that
you can run it. That means you need a Tomcat server in your machine.

Now again, you don't have to do all this stuff which I'm doing in this
video. But yes if u want to practise and want to learn something extra,
you can do that.

So, what i've done is i want to the google and searched for apache 
Tomcat, and i have downloaded the "Tomcat version 10.1.16".. Version is 
not important at this point. But you can get the download, and you can 
see, once you unzip it, you will see all these folders.

Now 'WebApp' is a folder in 'Apache Tomcat' where you put you project.
So, if you create a project, if you create a package of it. put that 
into 'WebApp'.

And if you want to start your Tomcat. You can see in the 'bin' folder,
we got a file called "startup.sh" and "shutdown.sh".
1. To start, we have to say 'startup.sh'.
2. To shut it down, you have to say 'shutdown.sh'.

And here, if you want to start this, u can pass above command and it just
start on "cmd Apache Tomcat bin" location. But the thing is, we don't 
want to do extra configuration all the thing what i want is, in my 
project, I want to have Tomcat in build. 

Can we do that? Yes, there's a concept called embedded Tomcat. So, what 
you can do is, in your project, now since you already have embedded 
tomcat in your Project.

you can simply run it and it will run your project in that tomcat. So,
the advantage is you don't have to do all this configuration. But yes
if u really wanted to build an application using servlets, I would 
suggest you to go for external Tomcat.

Because it will provide u more features. but since we are here to learn
Spring, not servlet, we are running servlet just to understand. what
happens behind the scene. 

So, embedded Tomcat will work. Now to create this project what i will do 
is i will open my IDE, okay in this IDE, I will click on the new project.
So, you can see, it's a new project tab.

And here what i will do is I will name this, I will say 'ServletEx',
Okay, so I'm putting that it into Projects. And now i will select the 
version, I will stik to "Java 17" here. And now let me create a Maven
project.

So, i will just say 'Internal', and i will create a 
"maven-archetype-quickstart" project. Now in "Advanced Setting" we make 
few changes like I want 'GroupId' to be 'com.telusko'.
And that's it. Create this project. So, it will take some time to create
the project. And 'DONE'.
