Now let's get our "HomePage" ready. Because when u go for the "HomePage".
It's says the below error.
"Whitelabel Error Page
This application has no explicit mapping for /error, so you are seeing this as a fallback.

Wed Jun 11 13:53:32 IST 2025
There was an unexpected error (type=Not Found, status=404)."

So, what we are requesting for if u see the address bar we are requesting for
"localhost:8080", which is your website and then when u request for the homepage,
It says '404'.

That means our home page is not there yet. And we know if u want to create a 
"view Technology". U can create a JSP page. Again this change dependes upon
  what u are using in the front end.

If u are using a 'React' application. Or if u are using, let's say a mobile
application, what u want is only a data. but then we'll see that later,
how do we just return data?

At this point a want to return a full fledge HTML page and we can design 
that with the help of JSP. So, i will go back to my IDE, and here let me 
create a homepage, but where u will do it?

So, u can just go to your main folder and inside this u can create your 
"index.jsp". But not in the 'main' folder basically. U have to create a 
new folder in this called "webapp".

Because Spring will look for this particular folder for your 'homepage'.
Now let's create a webapp inside 'webapp' u will create a page called
'index.jsp'.
Now let's write our HTML page is i want to print "Hello World". That's 
it nothing much and that's how u start anything, right?

U want to print "Hello World". Now if u want 'index.jsp' to work, what
else u need? So, basically this is a JSP page right? And when u use a 
JSP page, we have to use certain things.

So, we have to say this is a JSP page. The way u do that is by using a
page attribute. and then u mention the language level. So, language is
equal to Java and that's it.

CODE in "index.jsp"
                   <%@page language="java" %>
                   Hello World!!!

So, by doing this what we are saying is 
"Hey, inside this, there might be some Java code as well."
please run them. We are saying "Hello World".

but we also want to use some HTML tags here. So, i will say "<Html>"
then "<body>" So, nothing fancy we are doing very simple stuff there.
Or if u want to do, u can give '<h2>'tags at Corner's of "Hello World"
Just to make it big like Header type.

So, this is what i want to show on my page.
