Now let's see how do we create a web application with the help of Spring?
So, of course we have talk about MVC project with the help of Spring
framework.
  
And the beauty is there are two ways of doing it. One is using normal
Spring framework. And second with the help of Spring Boot. And we know till
this point that if u want to do something with Spring boot, it is much
easier.

And if u wanna do something with Spring framework, u have to done some 
configuration. So, we'll start with Spring boot. Let's understand the 
concept. How do u build a web application using Spring Boot?

And once u understand enough, then we'll see how do we create a same 
project with the help of normal Spring MVC? And u can see the difference
that how much configuration we can save with the help of Spring Boot.

Now question arise, if u want to create a Spring boot project, how will 
u do it?
It's simple
i. Go to 'start.spring.io' which is your initializer, or if you're using
   Eclipse with the Spring tools or if u are using intellij Ultimate 
   version in that case u will get the option directly in your IDE. 
But since we are using the community version of intellij, which is
free one, we don't have that option directly in IDE. And that's why we
use 'initializer'.
So, let's go to initializer and here i will create a project.

ii. Now what kind of project i want, i want a 'Maven' project. So, i
will select that, the language is Java. Then in the Spring Boot I have 
to mention a version. So, i will go for '3.2'.

iii. Here i will mention group Id is 'com.tekusko' and we are making our 
first Spring Board projects. I would say 'Springboard' Web one for the 
first 

iv. And then the packaging for this is jar. Now this is interesting,
    why do we have our packaging there? See the thing is when we talk
about web application, this works on some server, right?

We have to use Tomcat or something. And when u want to deploy your 
project on Tomcat, We normally create a 'War' file.
Now 'War' file stands for web archive. SO, you take a file, u put that on
Tomcat and u can make it run, but we can also use a 'jar'.

But the question arise, how will u run this on Tomcat? we'll see that in
some time. Okay?

v.  And then we'll say Java version, I'm using Java 21, so i will use 
that. Now, what kind of dependency I want to add? just one.
click on "add Dependency" and search for "Spring Web". but apart from
this we have an option of "Spring reactive web".

So, if u want to do reactive programing in java, u can do that. So, for
that we have a framework called "WebFlux". And for 'Restful APIs' u can
use Spring Web.

Again, we'll discuss restful API later. But if u want to do that, u can
use a web here. Now the engine I was talking about,the thymeleaf is one
of the engine, which is one of the wheel technology.

So, if u don't want to use JSP, u can also use theme leaf there. So, 
we'll select "Spring Web" here
And once we done that we click on generate.
              ---------INSTALLATION COMPLETE--------
So, basically we got this object which is "Spring Boot Web" And if u 
see in the 'POM.xml', so male sure that you have the same configuration.
We got "Spring Boot Startet Web".

This is the dependency which we needed. And the version is 3.2 as i 
mentioned before. anything else Nothing much click close on this 'pom'
file.

If u expand your external libraries, u will see certain files here,
which is Apache Tomcat, which is embedded and multiple things, which
we don't need at this point.

But we go into our project. Now will this project works? So, what i will
do is i will open my browser. Okay? So, in this browser i will search for
           ------------------FIRST TIME RUN----------
When first time we run the project we got 
"Whitelabel Error Page
This application has no explicit mapping for /error, so you are seeing this as a fallback.

Wed Jun 11 00:59:00 IST 2025
There was an unexpected error (type=Not Found, status=404)."
We got error because we are sending an error at the "HomePage" but there
is no home page.

So, this is the simple project which we got from the "Spring 
Initializer". And we have done nothing till now. So, we don't have a 
"homepage". How do we get the homepage?

